Here's all you need to know.
CIA. MI6. KGB... they're all the same.
A bunch of maniacs with a fetish
for murder and regime change.
So years ago. we formed a spy network
whose only mission was
to do good in the world.
We called it Citadel.
Citadel's top spies were
Mason Kane. Nadia Sinh
and me... Bernard Orlick.
Unfortunately for us.
a spy network called Manticore.
run by the world's richest families.
murdered nearly every Citadel spy.
with the help of a mole.
I went into hiding. but then discovered
Mason Kane had survived the attack.
Only his memories had been erased.
You see. I had implanted
every Citadel spy with a backstop chip.
In case a spy was captured.
I could wipe all their memories
to protect Citadel's secrets.
When Mason came to.
he believed his name was Kyle Conroy.
He met his wife Abby and had a daughter.
I found Mason and got him
to help me bring down Manticore
and their head honcho Dahlia Archer.
Until they kidnapped me.
which really pissed me off.
But Mason found another Citadel spy
who had survived... Nadia Sinh.
Little did he know.
the two of them were once in love.
married and had a kid.
Nadia got her memories back...
I remember everything.
And got Mason his memories back. too.
Now pay attention here.
Mason discovers
Dahlia Archer is his mother.
and she tricked Mason
into giving her a list
of all Citadel agents.
who she then slaughtered.
So. yeah. Mason was the mole.
And this is where we left you.
Mason's struggling with his old memories.
which are now creeping back in.
Nadia's finally reunited
with her daughter Asha.
Dahlia's on the run. and yeah.
I'm still tied up in Manticore's hands.
- What's happening. kemosabe?
- Invitation.
Got it right here. my guy.
VIP only from here. buddy.
Maxwell Montaine.
What an honor.
Who the fuck are you?
This is invite-only.
Who the fuck is that. Maxxy?
When I was a kid.
my mom used to say. "Quietness..."
"...is the beginning of virtue."
What's that supposed to mean?
It means.
shut the fuck up when I'm talking.
- Sit down. Bunny.
- Fine.
You... still haven't answered my question.
Who the fuck are you?
'Cause I didn't invite no dumb-fuck
Yankee povvo to my party.
in those dirty fucking boots.
Sorry. buddy.
Stupid fucking tour... Maxxy!
Maxxy!
You speak American?
- Maxxy!
- Yeah.
Get out of here.
Now. listen here. you fucking parasite.
I have traveled a very long way
to see you.
so we're gonna have a little chat.
Two months ago.
you smuggled cargo out of the U.S.
paid for by Paulo Braga.
Where is he?
Fuck you.
Wrong answer.
Okay.
He lives outside Marseilles.
Beautiful.
And what did he have you transport?
Weapons?
Drugs?
No.
A man.
No shit.
Orlick.
He'll come in handy.
Okay.
Are you with me?
Just listen to my voice. okay?
What's your name?
Arnaud Durant.
Where were you born. Arnaud?
Alsace.
Ask him about his brothers.
Ask him who's the man.
How many brothers do you have?
- Three.
- Ask him their names.
You fucking ask him.
You're right fucking here.
Bernard.
Please tell me their names. Arnaud.
Raphael. Mael and Louis.
Ask him if he loves his brothers.
Goddamn it. Paulo!
Ask him.
You sick f...
- Do you love your brothers?
- More than anything.
We're all done here. sir.
Bravo.
I can feel something in my head.
What's...
It's just a hunk of metal.
A receiver.
For what?
Something beautiful. man.
Something we're going
to write onto your brain.
Good morning. sunshine.
Let's go. He's ready.
We're all set. Mr. Braga.
Good. good. good. Joana.
Bring him.
It's time to shine. Bernard.
Giddyup.
Let me go.
We're synced. He's ready to go.
Now let's see how truly brilliant you are.
Shh. shh. shh.
I want to go back to my farm.
Let me go. fuck!
Wow.
You know why I chose him?
No. but I imagine you'll tell me.
He and his brothers...
those gentlemen over there...
they've been stealing oranges
from my farm.
And we donate the fruits
from these orchards to feed the poor.
So. we can't have that.
What a saint you are.
Gun.
Go on.
No! No!
No. No. no. no. no.
What the fuck is this?
No!
- What did you make me do?
- Buddy. hey. hey.
Why is this in my hands?
Just give this to me.
I don't want it. I don't want it!
Just... Yeah. Yeah.
I waited a month... for this?!
Why did you do that?
Because you fucked it up!
There is a chip in his head.
You just shot him in his head.
So now I fucked it up?
Shit.
Knife.
Oof. Ooh.
My God. I missed it.
It's still good.
Don't try to fuck me again.
I'm closing in on your friends
as we speak.
Take that wig off.
Why? You get to wear it.
And that stupid mask.
Mango. Nadia?
Kids like chocolate or pizza.
Try it. It's delicious.
This is bullshit.
- Language.
- And that bullshit baby
- won't shut up. either.
- Language. Asha.
Is that where they took Grandpa?
- No.
- Well. we need to find him.
We will. Soon.
Soon? He called you
the bravest person he knew.
Why would he lie to me?
Finding him puts you at risk.
And keeping you safe is my job.
Why?
Because I am your mother. Asha.
At least the baby shut up.
Asha. Asha.
Shh.
Get out!
God.
Asha.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I could kill her next time.
If you teach me...
I could kill her.
You know. when I'm done
with Hendrix's room.
I'm gonna start in the basement.
And I was thinking.
could turn it into. an art space.
The summers here are
going to be beautiful.
I'll get you a camera.
What do you think?
I want to see Hendrix.
I have been very patient.
It's been a month since we all left Utah.
and scattered to the winds.
and I want to see my daughter.
I need... I need to hold her.
- It's not safe.
- How do you know that?
- Because I know.
- How? How do you know that?
Manticore is everywhere.
Every security camera. every cell phone.
Eight families with all the money
in the world. looking for me. Nadia.
Carter and you so they can kill us.
So the best thing for Hendrix is
to be with Orlick's family
and for us to be here
getting a home ready for her
for when it's safe.
Until then.
no contact. no communication.
I just want to see my daughter.
- I want to know that Hendrix is okay.
- If she wasn't. we'd hear.
Can we fix that fucking door?!
- Nadia's got Asha with her.
- And she shouldn't.
She knows she's putting her in danger.
Or maybe she knows that she is
the only one who can actually protect her.
A child needs their mother.
Hendrix is fine!
There he is.
What do you want from me?
I want to know who is sitting
across the table from me.
who is keeping me from my kid.
Are you the man that I married.
or are you him?
Because you can't be both.
I'm the man you love.
How do I know that? I...
- Just because I...
- How do I know?!
I don't know. okay?! I don't know!
I had a vial of shit shot in my head.
and now I have memories...
what I did. what was done to me.
Everything that was Mason
is now inside me.
I have his dreams at night.
his instincts. his desires.
impulses and his pain.
I don't know if I coached Little League
or slit throats.
But I do know...
that I love you.
I love Hendrix.
I am the man you built a life with.
and I will prove that to you that I am Kyle.
One.
Two.
Three.
Four.
Five.
Six.
Seven.
Eight.
Nine.
That's all you got old man?
Old?
Ten.
State media is reporting
that Russian President.
Dmitry Aronov is set
to attend the G8 Summit next week.
Jo?
This will be the first international trip
- Mr. Aronov has taken in three years...
- Joana?
Since the failed coup in Moscow
by the Volga mercenaries.
The little Russian worm crawls out
of his little Russian hole.
On the 11th. Mr. Aronov will join
a number of other G8 member nations
at Hallgarten Castle in Scotland.
Ten days.
The genius at work.
What do we have here?
No. Bernard. Come on.
Chef has three Michelin stars.
You can't let it go to waste.
Here.
Open your mouth.
Good boy.
No one does their best work
on an empty stomach.
So. Bernard.
I don't like to be pushy.
I know you can't rush art.
But I need my assassin in ten days.
That's impossible.
But you have made a career
out of making the impossible possible.
That's why I had Dahlia ship you
to my doorstep.
I don't know what to tell you.
What I'm saying. Bernard. is do...
your fucking job.
You don't grow oranges here.
Do you?
You said that man was stealing oranges
for his brothers.
but you don't grow oranges here.
You got me.
Smart.
A year ago. I sat at my father's wake.
staring at his cold body in that coffin.
And all I could see was myself
in 60 years.
A dead. cold body.
I'm hoping it's gonna be
a little sooner than that.
We're all gonna die. Bernard.
And once you embrace the truth.
your purpose becomes clear.
I see.
You're an enlightened Gen Zer.
All this time. I thought
it was the money that had corrupted you.
Humanity has an expiration date.
My purpose in life is
to extend the date of that extinction
for my son.
Nobility is so thick in here.
you could cut it with a plastic spoon.
I need a programmable assassin
by next week.
or I will find your daughter.
skin her alive. peel her
like a... fucking orange.
I'm off to Paris till tomorrow.
It's now or never. Bernard.
You have ten days.
Breakfast.
Open it! Open it!
Stop! Stop!
- You missed one.
- Fuck me. Not you.
Sad to see you getting sloppy
in your old age. Bernard.
You should be honored. by the way.
I could have been saving
anyone's life today.
but I'm out here in this shithole
saving your worthless ass.
Now. give me the gun. Come on!
What are you doing? What are you doing?
Making sure no one else tries
to shoot you in the fucking head.
That okay?
Why are you really here. Hutch?
I'm here to kill Paulo Braga. Bernie.
and I can tell by the look in your eyes
that you'd like to kill him. too.
No. What? No. Fuck my eyes!
I'm trying to get away from Paulo Braga.
Fucking idiot.
Well. seeing as we both want
that shit stain terminated.
I'm gonna do you a big favor. Bernie.
I'm gonna team up with you.
You're an idiot.
Lucky for you. I got another car
about a mile up the road.
- How is this happening?
- Or you could try getting an Uber.
But this far out in the sticks.
almost rush hour.
you're looking
at some serious surge pricing.
Are you serious? What are you doing?
I'm trying to load up on fluids.
stay hydrated.
It's beer. It dehydrates.
That is literally the stupidest
fucking thing I've ever heard.
It's full of electrolytes and iron.
They used to give new moms beer.
Yeah. they used to give the infirm
leeches. until they learned.
- And you're driving.
- Yeah. like a fucking NASCAR champ.
Stop worrying. okay?
You know. I once flew
a Black Hawk out of Chad
with a busted balloon full of Yayo
leaking out of my asshole.
All right?
- Jesus.
- You know. the anus is like
a sponge. Bernard.
You ever do an eight ball?
- No.
- Ever do two eight balls?
- No. no.
- Well. I did through my asshole.
and I still landed safely.
- On a moving boat.
- Jesus.
So. what did Braga want with you anyway?
He was forcing me to build
a mind-control program.
What do you mean "a mind-control program"?
It's a microchip. and then it gets
implanted into someone's brain.
and then you can transmit
those instructions
and you can get them to do
whatever you want them to do.
Basically take away their free will.
That's what it is.
- That sounds pretty sci-fi. Bernard.
- Yep.
'cause that's what I do. Hutch.
I make sci-fi shit.
So. what does. an asshole like Paulo Braga
want with a mind-control device?
He wanted an instant assassin.
- Like The Manchurian Candidate?
- Yes. Hutch.
- Like The Manchurian Candidate.
- Man. that is fucking awesome.
You know. my dad used to make me
watch that movie with him
every Saturday night.
Well. now it's not a movie.
So you built this thing for him?
That's pretty fucked up. Bernard.
He was going to kill my family.
That brain of yours
will rationalize anything
if it's gonna get you
where you want to go.
Okay. Time to switch cars.
Well. I guess we're just gonna
have to put our differences aside
if we're gonna be working together.
We're not working together.
Now we have two vehicles.
There's one there for you. one for me.
Thank you very much and good luck.
This car is tagged. Bernard.
- They'll find it in no time.
- I'll take my chances.
You want a booster seat?
Seriously. how are you gonna
get out of France?
You've got no papers. no passport.
and one of the richest men in the world
and his Manticore scumbags
is gonna be all over you in...
I'm aware.
Bernard. you're like
120 fucking years old.
You don't even have any guns.
Just face it: You need me.
You need the weight and wealth
of the entire CIA behind you.
It's the only way you're killing Braga
and stopping
this Manchurian Candidate thing.
Fuck!
That a boy. Bernie.
Can never have too many.
You can absolutely have too many.
You have too many.
Agree to disagree.
Drive!
So. how far is the CIA extraction point?
Still working on that.
Well. this would be a very opportune time
for you and your team at Langley
to finish working on that.
Yeah. the thing is.
that's a little tough right now. Bernardo.
What does that mean?
I don't exactly have
a team at Langley as such.
You're dark?
Sure.
Are you burned?
- I don't get burned. Bernard.
- Did the CIA burn you?
- Tell me.
- I burned them.
- Okay?
- You said that I would have
- the full weight of the CIA behind me.
- I said you'd need
- the full weight of the CIA behind you.
- No. you didn't say...
- Which you do.
- You didn't say it like that.
Only I don't have it.
but the good news is you do have me.
Goddamn it.
- I knew it.
- Would you just relax?
- You're creeping me out.
- I knew it. I knew it.
What did you do?
I didn't do shit.
- What did you do?
- Nothing. I didn't do shit.
- What'd you do?
- But a colleague of mine
found out that Paulo Braga was funneling
millions to terror cells in Europe.
And to cover it up.
he tried to have her killed.
And I happen to really like this girl.
Like a sister.
Like a sister you don't sleep with.
- What?
- Yeah. it's just...
As opposed to the sister
you do sleep with?
She's funny and smart.
- and I care about her. okay?
- Who sleeps with their sister?
And Paulo Braga tried to put a bullet
in her. so I'm gonna put one in him.
If we have any chance
of stopping Paulo Braga
from making his Manchurian Candidate...
- Your Manchurian Candidate. Bernard.
- We cannot do it alone. okay?
- Right.
- We need spies like us.
Orphaned. Burned.
Outcasts.
Psychopaths.
People without a loyalty in the world.
No. What?
No. we need loyalty.
- Exactly.
- Loyalty is something that we need.
Right. Loyal to a fault.
I've got just the person in mind.
Who?
The girl you're not fucking?
Don't ruin this for me.
Ladies and gentlemen. in front of you
is the ortolan bird.
a delicacy enjoyed by kings.
American presidents and priests.
It was actually invented by a priest.
The bird has been blinded
and therefore thinks
it's in perpetual night and gorges itself
and gets fat.
Much like you. Gary. you fat bastard.
Who are you?
I'm here for the party.
The trick is to hold it by the skull
and down it in one. feet-first.
And you'll see there's a napkin
in front of you.
That goes over your head
to hide your shame from the gods.
So. here we go.
Down the hatch.
What the fuck was that?
That sounded like gunfire.
Okay. I'll tell you what's gonna happen.
I'm gonna go in here.
Anyone comes through this door.
shoot them.
Try getting through that. you bastards.
- Hiya. Frankie.
- What the fuck?
Nadia. I've got a heart condition.
Your security sucks. by the way.
What the fuck happened to you?
You look like shit.
You don't always look like shit.
but right now you do.
I need the name of every Manticore agent
so I can kill them.
Everyone's looking for you.
Don't be ridiculous.
I'm not gonna have my daughter
on the run every few weeks.
I'm not gonna dye her hair.
change her name.
so you'd better listen to me
and listen to me carefully.
You're gonna wipe our identities.
you're gonna disappear us like you do.
or I'll shoot you in the face.
Yeah. you can drop the scary spy shit.
I've been doing it for years.
My daughter is sitting
in a gas station stall alone right now.
so the only thing
I want to hear from you is.
"I'm gonna do it. Nadia.
Whatever you need. Nadia."
I'm radioactive.
No one will go anywhere near me.
Yeah.
I'm on the shit list.
A new bloke came in.
and I did things the old way. and...
so fucking what?
You seem fine to me.
This isn't mine. you fucking doughnut.
This is an Airbnb.
And those marks out there.
they were that far away
from buying a timeshare
before you came in and blew it.
Thanks a lot for that.
I'm a shell.
A handsome shell. but a shell.
Look. I have no idea
where you've come from.
I have no idea why you're still alive.
You're pointing the gun
at the wrong fellow.
You had a mole within Citadel.
I know we had a mole.
You know who it is. do you?
What the fuck are you talking about?
You don't know who it is?
Well. that's interesting.
How could you possibly know?
His mum told me.
I think you know who it is.
I think you know because you married him.
With you. I'm me.
and only with you am I me. Marry me.
- Can I trust you?
- Of course.
Can I trust you?
Always.
- We were set up.
- Who are they?
I don't know.
but they're burning Citadel to the ground.
I don't trust him.
You remember.
I remember everything.
The world used to be a place where
things were very clearly defined.
But I don't know who's a threat
or who isn't anymore.
Please tell me what I'm doing here.
Paulo Braga is days away
from perfecting tech that could co-opt
a person's mind
and turn them into an assassin.
We need spies like us.
Outcasts.
People without a loyalty in the world.
No. What?
No. we need loyalty.
- Exactly.
- Loyalty is something that we need.
Right. Loyal to a fault.
Hutch.
It's a pleasure.
This is my partner Celine Rohr.
Not a pleasure.
You want to collect
your barrel of geniuses?
They're former CIA.
We need Frank Sharpe.
I understand that you're a master
in the art of accruing dirt.
Double that. I'll make it disgusting.
You started without me?
Why did you bring him into this?
If Mason Kane is good at one thing...
it's killing people.
You took everything.
I don't want you anywhere
near my daughter.
You remind me of someone.
- A handsome former lover?
- My... my uncle.
He was very sad.
- Okay.
- And poor. And he died alone.
Okay. must I listen to this?
As a team.
there is a certain level of trust.
Trust?
Have you guys met you guys?
We're the "pigs in blankets" men.
Three. two. one.
Down! Down!
- Gun!
- I've also got a gun.
We've all got guns.
but we're not gonna use them.
Can never have too many.
You can absolutely have too many.
You have too many.